Update use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files.md (#4341)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files.md

  
1. Download and install the [Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer tool](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=544842).
    

> 2. Start the Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer, Choose **Blob Container**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start the Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer and select **Blob Container**.
```
